src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:33:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:33:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:37:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:41:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:52:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '52'-'60').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:52:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '52'-'65').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:54:	The String literal "Null Input is not acceptable." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:56:	Local variable 'randomIntegers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '57'-'71').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:58:	Local variable 'hashSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:59:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '62'-'65').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '63'-'71').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:64:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '65'-'65').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:73:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:80:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:81:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:86:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '86'-'104').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:86:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '86'-'111').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:86:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '86'-'95').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:90:	Local variable 'randomIntegers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:91:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '91'-'119').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deDup' (lines '93'-'98').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deDup' (lines '93'-'119').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:94:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:95:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deDup' (lines '98'-'98').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deDup' (lines '98'-'119').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'total' (lines '102'-'105').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:103:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'total' (lines '105'-'105').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '108'-'112').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:109:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '109'-'119').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:110:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '112'-'112').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:124:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '124'-'131').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:128:	Local variable 'randomIntegers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:130:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:138:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:141:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:152:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '152'-'160').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:152:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '152'-'167').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:156:	Local variable 'randomIntegers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '157'-'173').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:158:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:159:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '164'-'167').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:165:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '165'-'173').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:166:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '167'-'167').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:177:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:180:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '180'-'209').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:180:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:187:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '189'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:189:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deDupFromSetImpl' (lines '190'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:190:	Local variable 'deDupFromSetImpl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afterSet' (lines '191'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:191:	Local variable 'afterSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'beforeArray' (lines '194'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:194:	Local variable 'beforeArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:195:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deDupFromArrayImpl
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:195:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deDupFromArrayImpl' (lines '195'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:195:	Local variable 'deDupFromArrayImpl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afterArray' (lines '196'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:196:	Local variable 'afterArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:198:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'beforeList' (lines '198'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:198:	Local variable 'beforeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:199:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deDupFromListImpl' (lines '199'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:199:	Local variable 'deDupFromListImpl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:200:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afterList' (lines '200'-'228').
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:200:	Local variable 'afterList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:203:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:203:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:205:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:205:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:205:	The String literal " milliseconds\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 205
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:208:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:213:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:217:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/dedup/example/DeDup.java:221:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:21:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:30:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:31:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:39:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '39'-'44').
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:40:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:41:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyContents' (lines '42'-'49').
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:42:	Local variable 'verifyContents' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:43:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:46:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:56:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:57:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:58:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:67:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:68:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:78:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '78'-'83').
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:79:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:80:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyContents' (lines '81'-'88').
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:81:	Local variable 'verifyContents' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:82:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:85:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:97:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:98:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:99:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:110:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:111:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:112:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:121:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:122:	Local variable 'large' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:131:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:132:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:140:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '140'-'145').
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:141:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:142:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyContents' (lines '143'-'150').
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:143:	Local variable 'verifyContents' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:144:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:147:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:157:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:158:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:159:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:169:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:170:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:182:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:183:	Local variable 'deDup' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:184:	Local variable 'dupsRemoved' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/dedup/example/DeDupTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
